[Security] Deprecate `UserInterface` & `TokenInterface`'s `eraseCredentials()` (#59106)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.3.md

UPGRADE FROM 7.2 to 7.3
=======================

Symfony 7.3 is a minor release. According to the Symfony release process, there should be no significant
backward compatibility breaks. Minor backward compatibility breaks are prefixed in this document with
`[BC BREAK]`, make sure your code is compatible with these entries before upgrading.
Read more about this in the [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/7.3/setup/upgrade_minor.html).

If you're upgrading from a version below 7.2, follow the [7.2 upgrade guide](UPGRADE-7.2.md) first.

Table of Contents
-----------------

Bundles

 * [SecurityBundle](#SecurityBundle)

Bridges

Components

 * [Security](#Security)

Security
--------

 * Deprecate `UserInterface::eraseCredentials()` and `TokenInterface::eraseCredentials()`,
   use a dedicated DTO or erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

SecurityBundle
--------------

 * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

> 

Reviewer: You can remove 2 blank lines

`[BC BREAK]`, make sure your code is compatible with these entries before upgrading.
Read more about this in the [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/7.3/setup/upgrade_minor.html).

If you're upgrading from a version below 7.2, follow the [7.2 upgrade guide](UPGRADE-7.2.md) first.

Ldap
----

>  * Deprecate `LdapUser::eraseCredentials()`, use `LdapUser::setPassword(null)` instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate `LdapUser::eraseCredentials()` in favor of `__serialize()`
```

Security
--------

 * Deprecate `UserInterface::eraseCredentials()` and `TokenInterface::eraseCredentials()`,

>    use a dedicated DTO or erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   erase credentials in e.g. `__serialize()` instead
```

SecurityBundle
--------------

>  * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials e.g. in `__serialize()` instead
```

`[BC BREAK]`, make sure your code is compatible with these entries before upgrading.
Read more about this in the [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/7.3/setup/upgrade_minor.html).

If you're upgrading from a version below 7.2, follow the [7.2 upgrade guide](UPGRADE-7.2.md) first.

Table of Contents
-----------------

Bundles

 * [SecurityBundle](#SecurityBundle)

Bridges

Components

 * [Ldap](#Ldap)
 * [Security](#Security)
 * [Serializer](#Serializer)

> 

Reviewer 2: we'll add the ToC later on

Ldap
----

 * Deprecate `LdapUser::eraseCredentials()`, use `LdapUser::setPassword(null)` instead

Security
--------

 * Deprecate `UserInterface::eraseCredentials()` and `TokenInterface::eraseCredentials()`,
   use a dedicated DTO or erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

SecurityBundle
--------------

 * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

Serializer
----------

> * Deprecate the `CompiledClassMetadataFactory` and `CompiledClassMetadataCacheWarmer` classes

Reviewer 3: should be reverted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate the `CompiledClassMetadataFactory` and `CompiledClassMetadataCacheWarmer` classes
```
